# Basketball Shoe Recommender System

  For my General Assembly DSI capstone, I decided to bring one of my greatest passions, basketball shoes, into my course. The best way I thought of doing this was to build a recommender system. After doing some research, I found out that there currently is not a recommender system out there for basketball shoes. With basketball shoes, it can be tricky to find a pair that looks good and feels good. Once you find that pair, you more than likely want a similar shoe once it's time to move on to a new pair. Like most people looking for an honest shoe review, I turned to weartesters.com. This site is well respected in the sneaker industry for its in-depth honest reviews of the latest basketball shoes. The best part of this site is how ubiased the reviewers are. They just want to revierw basketball shoes for the people. They don't care about the brand. If a shoe is good, it's good. I was granted permission to scrape the site for all of their performance reviews.
  
  Most recommenders are built using rating systems, like an average out of five or ten. Weartesters uses their own review methods. When they first started reviewing years ago, they did a 1-10 scale along with their written review. However, these ratings were all in an image that could not be split up and deciphered using code. This led to me building a recommender system based on their written reviews.  For my recommender system, I used Natural Language Processing to break the reviews up, drop the stop words, and give weights to the words .
  
  
